Moves APIs into Reference section. (#264)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/setup/prerequisites.md

export FIL_PROOFS_PARENT_CACHE=/path/to/folder/in/fast/disk2
```

> Make sure the `ListenAddress` has [remote access enabled]({{< relref "reference/basics/overview" >}}). Instructions on how to obtain a token are [available here]({{< relref "api-access" >}}).

Reviewer: Using more specific redirects to avoid confusion for new users.

```suggestion
Make sure the `ListenAddress` has [remote access enabled]({{< relref "reference/basics/api-access/#enable-remote-api-access" >}}). Instructions on how to obtain a token are [available here]({{< relref "reference/basics/api-access/#api-tokens" >}}).
```

export FULLNODE_API_INFO=<api_token>:/ip4/<lotus_daemon_ip>/tcp/<lotus_daemon_port>/http
```

> Make sure the `ListenAddress` has [remote access enabled]({{< relref "api-access#enable-remote-api-access" >}}). Instructions on how to obtain a token are [available here]({{< relref "api-access#obtaining-tokens" >}}).

Reviewer: Adding full path to relref to avoid ambiguous redirects

```suggestion
Make sure the `ListenAddress` has [remote access enabled]({{< relref "reference/basics/api-access/#enable-remote-api-access" >}}). Instructions on how to obtain a token are [available here]({{< relref "reference/basics/api-access/#api-tokens" >}}).
```
